Hi guys, in this video I want to show
you the process of installation of docu
desktop personal. Okay, let's go. Okay,
first thing first, open the crew.
After that
was
enter the fresh get docker
choose a windows
windows
uh download this one docker desktop for
goes download
before that the system imports for
installation of the dock is first you
have to unlock install the WSL
to
2.1
or later
system requirements 10 64 bytes or
Windows 11 64
processor
64 bytes processor gig of system.
Okay, first thing first, let's
ws
execute this command session
type use on
press any key to install subsystem for
Linux.
Okay,
let's move to the second step.
Close this
office. Now let's go here.
Turn Windows
on or off.
Okay. Go down.
Search for this one window subsystem for
Linux. Take this.
After this as okay,
don't start required file. Applying
changes. You must restart the PC right
now.
Let's restart it.
Okay, we have restarted the PC. Now
let's move to the next step. Let's go
here to the docker installation fs I
download previously.
Where is program?
Okay. Docker desktop installed.
Click yes.
Okay
container is to use with this
installation as okay
and packing file the installation is
begin
by pressing this button
after that let's go here to docker disk
Except
using the doctor for work recommend
signing with the work email. For me, I
want to choose for personal. Choose
this. Create an account or you can sign
in with your Google account.
Choose your Google account.
Okay, fine. Continue.
Okay. Choose your main for
it.
Always
a lot authentication to docker. Open
docker.
Okay. What's my ro teacher number is
one my goal. I choose any goal.
Okay. Fine. The installation of the
docker is finished. Thank you as it
uh subscribe to the channel for let's
hit a lot.